Improved the Readme test section (#866)
centrifuge/centrifuge-chain: README.md

cargo build --release
```

Great! You have already compile the Centrifuge Chain!

## Tests

There are two kinds of tests, one related to how the *Centrifuge Chain* works itself
and another one to verify how it works in a more real environment as a parachain.

### Chain tests

> The following command will run unitary and integration tests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command will the unit and the integration tests:
```

```bash

> cargo test -p centrifuge-runtime --release

Reviewer: Also, this test is not actually testing anything:

```
running 1 test
test __construct_runtime_integrity_test::runtime_integrity_tests ... ok

test result: ok. 1 passed; 0 failed; 0 ignored; 0 measured; 0 filtered out; finished in 0.00s

   Doc-tests centrifuge-runtime

running 0 tests

test result: ok. 0 passed; 0 failed; 0 ignored; 0 measured; 0 filtered out; finished in 0.00s
```

I think the best command would be

``` bash
cargo test --workspace --release --features test-benchmarks,try-runtime
```

Author: I have added `+nightly` to this command since there is some test code that uses nightly features that will not compile if you are using the stable channel.

### Environment tests

You can deploy a relay chain and connect a Centrifuge Chain node as parachain
to it to verify how it behaves in the entire environment (end-to-end).

0. Prerequisites. You must install these tools before:
    - [docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
    - [*jd*](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/)

1. Start a local [relay chain](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-architecture#relay-chain).
It contains two [validator](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-validator) nodes
    (Alice and Bob):
    ```bash
    ./scripts/init.sh start-relay-chain
    ```
    After a few seconds you can see the block production of the relay chain using the [polkadot.js (on localhost:9944)](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=ws%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%3A9944#/explorer) client.

    *Note: You can stop the relay chain using `./scripts/init.sh stop-relay-chain`*

2. Start a *Centrifuge Chain* as [parachain](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-parachains).
It run a [collator](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-collator) node:
    ```bash
    ./scripts/init.sh start-parachain
    ```
    *Note: the command above will show logs and block until the parachain is stopped.

>     Detailed logs may be shown by running the node with the following environment variables set: `RUST_LOG=debug RUST_BACKTRACE=1`.

Author: I have maintained this line. If I do not write RUST_LOG=debug, I can see the debug logs. Could it be outdated?

Reviewer: Maybe 🤔 or maybe you have it set in your environment by default?

Author: Check it, I have not already set

Author: Ok, I have taken the liberty of removing the entire line in order to center the focus on "how to get the things working". Maybe later we could create a new section about *debugging* where to put things like how to enable backtrace and so on. Is it ok for you?

Reviewer: That sounds really good to me :)

    If you had a previous state, you can reset the node using `purge` after the command.*

>     Similar to the relay chain, you can explore the *Centrifuge Chain* using the [polkadot.js (on localhost:11946)](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=ws%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%3A11946#/explorer) client.

Author: Understood! I added a little paragraph explaining that along with `PARA_ID` and `PARA_CHAIN_SPEC`.

>     Similar to the relay chain, you can explore the *Centrifuge Chain* using the [polkadot.js (on localhost:11946)](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=ws%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%3A11946#/explorer) client.

Reviewer: 🤟

    You will see the block production frozen until you connect it to the relay chain.

> 3. Onboard parachain to Relay chain (it will connect the *Centrifuge Chain* to the relay chain).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Onboard the parachain
    This step will have the targeted parachain onboarded in the relay chain. The parachain will NOT produce blocks until this step is completed successfully.
```

Note that it can the Altair chain or the development chain, not necessarily just the `Centrifuge` chain

    ```bash
    ./scripts/init.sh onboard-parachain
    ```

>     When you have run the command, you could see in the relay chain client that there is a parachain
>     that will be connected in one/two minutes.
>     Once connected, you could see a block production in the *Centrifuge Chain* client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When you have run the command, you should see in the relay-chain dashboard that there is a parachain
    that will be onboarded in one/two minutes.
    Once onboarded, block production should start soon after in the parachain.
```

Let's stick with "onboarded" vs "connected" and with "parachain" vs "Centrifuge chain" so that it makes sense when the other runtimes are used.

That's all! The environment is set.

> You can play with it from the *Centrifuge Chain* client, make transfers, inspect events, etc.

Reviewer: Same here regarding "Centrifuge chain".

Author: Generalized to "parachain"
